GILES: Previously...
SPIKE:
Last night changed things.
The only thing that's different
is that I'm disgusted
with myself.
Is this the way
to the movies?
-What is this place?
-I'll just be a minute.
Willow's into something.
Her and Dawn have been
missing for hours.
Do you know how long
I've been out here?
Let's get out of here.
Dawny, I'm sorry. I'm--
-You could have killed her.
-I need help.
No more spells.
I'm finished.
-Got it.
-It's beautiful.
Congratulations.
Phase one of the plan
is now complete.
Candles?
We can't have candles?
Dawn,
it's a magic clearance.
Everything must go.
B-But they're just candles.
Well, yeah,
to you and me,
they're just candles,
but to witches,
they're like bongs.
(sighs)
BUFFY:
So, no candles,
no charms.
No--
Bird.
No bird?
The peacock
on the table.
It has
two crystals in it.
Tara, she--
She left them.
I'll make sure
she gets 'em.
Dawn, do me a favor. Can you
grab the fertility god statue
on the desk over there?
Kokopelli? No.
I love him.
And he was Mom's.
Why do we have to
get rid of so many
things I like?
Dawn,
I explained this to you.
Willow has a problem.
The next few weeks are gonna be
crazy hard on her as it is.
Any reminder of what it is
that she's trying
to stay away from,
you know, could cause her
to give in to temptation.
And that would be bad.
Okay, that's it.
It's finally done.
I mean, it still needs
a trial run, but it's--
-Kinda clunky looking.
-What?
I pictured something cooler--
more ILM, less Ed Wood.
Do you wanna see cool?
I'll show you cool. Look.
Mama.
Did it?
Is it--
Yeah.
(gasps)
(chair squeaks)
(laughing)
Oh, I'd call that
a successful test.
Oh, that's just
half the test.
Hey. Hey!
-You penis!
-Oh, cheer up, Frodo.
Because thanks to my brains
and our mystical gem,
we got ourselves
an invisibility ray.
And I'd say that makes us
pretty much unstoppable.
(theme music playing)
Dawn, come on.
You gotta eat breakfast.
Xander's gonna be here
any second.
She's gonna be late
for school again.
How you doing?
WILLOW: I'm okay.
Not "ready to
head back to classes,
face the world" okay,
but... the shakiness
is only semi now.
I thought I'd spend the day
fishing the Net
for more poop
on the stolen diamond.
(footsteps)
I called you before.
Didn't hear you.
Hey, Dawnie,
I'm making you
a nice omelet.
Not hungry.
Dawn, you need
to eat something.
-Thanks for your concern.
-(glass slams)
Okay, I deserve
the wrath of Dawn,
but why is she
taking it out on you?
Because I let it happen.
-Buffy, I was the one who--
-Who was drowning.
My best friend.
I was too wrapped up
in my own dumb life
to even notice.
Too--
(door bursts open)
(sizzling)
(sniffles)
Morning.
What are you doing,
and here?
Just, uh, took a stroll.
Found myself in your neck
of the woods.
Couldn't find a less flammable
time of day to take a stroll?
Yeah, well, the fact is
my lighter's gone missing.
Thought it might've
dropped out of my pocket
last time I was here.
Haven't seen it.
I'm gonna head back to my room.
Just... get dressed.
Oh, I...
-Lame.
-What?
You.
Making up excuses.
Don't flatter yourself, love.
Bloody fond of that lighter.
Stop trying to see me
and stop calling me that.
So, um, what should I
call you then?
Pet?
Sweetheart?
My, uh,
little Goldilocks?
You know, I love this hair,
the way it bounces around when--
Uh-Uh-Uh-Uh! This flapjack's
not ready to be flipped.
What the hell
is that supposed to--
(quiet moan)
(whispering)
No. Stop that.
Good Godfrey Cambridge,
Spike!
You still trying
to mack on Buffy?
Wake up already.
Never gonna happen.
Only a complete loser would
ever hook up with you.
Well, unless she's
a simpleton like Harmony...
or a nut sack
like Drusilla.
Hey!
You really need
to get Dawn
off to school.
Let's go--
go fetch her, okay?
You can let yourself out,
right, Spike?
-Dawn, you better get going.
Xander's here.
-I'm here.
Okay, you have
everything you need?
Yep.
And after school,
you--
Yeah. Let's go, Xander.
You will
come straight home.
Sure. Maybe we can
find some time
for you to get me into
another car accident.
Oh, good morning.
You must be Dawn.
Huh?
BUFFY:
May I help you?
I'm Doris Kroeger
from Social Services.
We had an appointment.
-Oh, for Wednesday.
-This is Wednesday.
Right. Well, Dawn,
you better--
(sighs)
And, Xander,
you'll drive safely.
Yes, ma'am.
A little bit
on the tardy side,
isn't she?
Yeah, well, it's been one
of those mornings, you know.
Great. Come on in.
Sorry about the mess.
We're doing a little
house clean.
So, we gonna chat this out
or what?
Uh, now's really
not a good time.
Um, I have company.
No worries.
I'll wait.
Um, Miss Summers, if you
and your boyfriend...
would like to--
He is not--
(clears throat)
Not my-- my boyfriend.
He's, um, just, uh--
Spike, this nice woman is,
uh, from Social Services.
Oh, right.
Uh, hey,
Buffy's a great mum.
She takes good care
of her little sis.
Like, um,
when Dawn was hanging out
too much in my crypt,
Buffy put a right stop to it.
I'm sorry.
Did you say--
BUFFY: Crib. Crib.
(laughing)
He said crib.
You know kids today
and their buggin'
street slang.
Uh, Spike, didn't you have
to go now, you know?
Because of that thing.
Uh, thing.
Uh, my blanket.
He sleeps here?
What? No. No.
Oh, th-th-the blanket.
That's, um--
It's a security thing, yeah.
He has issues.
No. Just me and Dawn
living here.
WILLOW: Buffy, I'm not
feeling hot, so I'm gonna
take a quick nap, okay?
O-Okay, Wil!
That's Willow.
She, uh--
She kind of lives here,
too, actually.
Oh, so you live
with another woman?
Oh. Oh, it's not
a gay thing, you know.
I mean, well, she's gay,
but we don't gay--
Not that there's anything--
oh-- wrong with--
You know, I know
what that looks like,
but I-I-- I swear it's not
what it looks like.
It's magic weed.
It's not mine.
I think
I've seen enough.
No.
Actually, I really don't
think that you have.
It's just-- It's been kind of--
kind of a bad time.
It's been a bad time
now for a while,
hasn't it, Miss Summers?
Your sister's grades
have fallen sharply
in the last year
due in large part
to her frequent absences
and lateness.
But there are
good reasons.
I'm sure there are.
But my interest
is in Dawn's welfare
and the stability
of her home life--
something I'm just
not convinced
that an unemployed young woman
like yourself can provide.
I can. I-I do.
Well, we'll just have
to see about that then,
won't we?
Oh, and I'm going to recommend
immediate probation
in my report.
What does that mean?
It means that
I'll be monitoring you
very closely, Miss Summers.
And if I don't see
that things are improving,
well, I'll be forced
to recommend that
you be stripped
of your sister's guardianship.
You can't do that.
I do what is in Dawn's
best interest,
as should you.
Have a nice day.
(sighs)
Didn't go well, huh?
Why won't you go?
I just thought
you'd want--
Get out of here!
Just getting
what I came for, love.
So long, Goldilocks.
(gasps)
(door opens, closes)
(sniffles, cries)
Well, I-I think
I can work with this.
What exactly would you
like me to do?
Just make me...
different.
I'm scared.
What if we
get caught?
No way. We'll be invisible.
Plus their security's
gotten lax.
You should know.
You've cased
this joint enough.
WARREN:
Okay, this is it.
Remember.
We're professionals.
-Uh, Slayer.
-What? W-Where?
There.
Headed this way.
-JONATHAN: Give it!
-No. I need to be invisible.
I need it more.
Buffy can't see me!
Ah!
Watch it! Don't--
Don't-- Give it!
Give it!
WARREN:
Ah! You overloaded it!
Oopsie.
What happened to Buffy?
She's gone.
She's right here-- table four.
I put her with your family.
Great. Except we don't
hate Buffy.
Let's put her back
at table one.
(footsteps)
ANYA:
Where do I put D'Hoffryn?
XANDER:
We're not inviting D'Hoffryn.
ANYA: I have to.
He's my ex-boss.
You're inviting
your work buddies.
BUFFY: She's got a point.
Hey, Buffy--
Where-- Where are you?
BUFFY:
At table four apparently.
Well, that remains
to be seen... like you.
BUFFY:
Don't strain yourself
looking, Xander.
I'm Invisible Girl.
BUFFY: Uh, Xander?
Sorry!
Her clothes are, uh,
invisible... too.
(chuckles)
Buffy, how did
this hap--
Wait a sec. Have you been
feeling ignored lately?
BUFFY:
Yeah, ignored. I wish.
No, this isn't a Marcie deal.
I don't know what happened.
-I left Main Street after
getting my hair cut and was--
-You cut your hair?
-BUFFY: Oh, yeah.
-Really? How short?
BUFFY: About up to here.
Well, if you could see my hand,
it's kind of
above my shoulders.
Ah, that sounds so adorable.
I was thinking about
getting my hair cut
before the wedding.
Could we get back
to freaking out
about no-show Buffy?
This is serious.
BUFFY: I know.
It kind of fits
the day I've had.
Willow's still a wreck,
Dawn's mad at both of us,
and the Social Services lady
put me through a wringer.
Says she's gonna watch me.
I'd like to see her try now.
You know, there may be
an upside to no-see me.
XANDER:
Buff, did you see
anyone or...
anything suspicious
before you...
cleared up?
BUFFY:
Nope. Didn't see nothin'.
Hmm. See what I did there
with the eyeballs?
Why would anyone make
her invisible anyway?
I mean, invisible Slayer's
gotta be way more effective
than the standard variety.
Yeah. I'm less with the "why"
and more with the "how."
We get the "how," then we got
how to make her unseen sight
seen again, right?
BUFFY:
S'all right.
Buffy, could you focus,
please?
I am. Just--
This is kind of fun.
Well, it would help if we had
a little bit more to go on.
Or anything to go on.
Well, I could go check the spot
where Buffy disappeared,
you know, snoop for clues.
BUFFY:
Yeah. Right.
Uh, hey, you know what?
I'm just gonna
go for a walk.
A walk?
BUFFY: Yeah. You know,
clear my head.
You guys keep working
on the "whats"
and the "hows."
(chuckles)
"Clear my head."
Buffy!
Uh, it seems pretty obvious
it's some kind of spell
that's done this to her.
A spell from who?
You said it yourself.
It makes no sense
for one of her enemies
to make her invisible.
Maybe it's a mistake.
A magical mistake.
Who'd be messing
with that kind of pow--
(door opens)
XANDER:
Willow.
Xander.
How's it going?
Um, good.
I-I found out some stuff
about the diamond
stolen from the museum.
It's called
the Illuminata.
There's rumors of it
having quasi-mystical
quantum properties.
Willow, we need to talk.
We ar talking.
Well, I'm talking,
and you're looking at me funny.
Is there something
you want to tell me?
It was nothing.
I-I-- I didn't slip.
Wil, nobody's mad.
Relapse is a part
of recovery.
We understand that.
We just have to figure
a way to fix it.
Fix what?
Fix Buffy.
Buffy's broken?
Wil, you know
what I'm talking...
You don't know?
Rhymes with...
"blinvisible"?
What?
Buffy was in town, leaving
the haircutting place
-when she suddenly just--
-Buffy got her hair cut?
Yeah! Adorable apparently.
I personally couldn't tell
since she's all "blinvisible."
And you think I have
something to do with this?
No. Not--
Well, come on, Wil.
Some of the spells you've done
have caused some weird stuff
to happen to each of us
at one time or another.
-And let's not forget
the recent forgetting.
-Oh, I see.
So, now when anything nasty
happens, I get conveniently
blamed for it?
-No one's blaming.
-So I guess
it wouldn't matter
if I just jump off the wagon
completely,
since you already think
I'm making pit stops.
Look, if you say
you didn't do it--
Willow, where you going?
For a walk.
A couple of circuits
are burned out,
and the wiring's all fried.
But we had
so many plans.
Naked women and all--
Well, all the naked women.
This is your fault.
If you hadn't
grabbed it from me--
Hey, we got a lot bigger
problems here, bonehead.
-The Slayer's invisible now.
-He's right.
She could be anywhere.
Even here,
right now.
Watching, listening
to every word we say.
For all we know,
she could be one of us.
Oh!
No, wait.
(mumbling)
I wouldn't sweat
the Slayer too much.
(scoffs)
Says you.
In my book, an invisible Slayer
means a whole world of trouble.
(footsteps)
BUFFY:
I am the Ghost
of Fashion Victims Past.
Studded caps--
not a good idea.
Hey, I'm doing you
a favor!
Nah. Too easy.
(device beeping)
Hmm.
(engine revs)
So long, copper!
Hey. Hey!
That's mine! Stop!
BUFFY:
Hello, Mrs. Kroeger.
(phone ringing)
(sighs)
What?
Where's my--
(chuckling)
Losing my mind.
Ah.
Okay. Who's the--
BUFFY (softly):
Kill, kill, kill.
-What?
-I didn't say anything.
Not you, the mug. It's--
But I, uh--
I heard something.
BUFFY:
Kill, Doris.
Kill everybody.
You know you want to.
Shut up. Shut up.
Just shut up!
BUFFY:
Okay. No.
No.
Yahtzee.
Doris, I've got a few,
so if you want to discuss
that case file now.
What? Oh. Oh, yes.
The, um, Summers file.
It's , uh--
It's right over here.
Uh-- Uh, it's
a 15-year-old girl...
Mm-hmm.
living under her older
sister's guardianship.
The house
is a complete--
What is this?
"All work and no play
make Doris a dull girl."
What?
"All work and no play
make Doris--"
The pages
are filled with it.
Uh. I-I--
I-I-- I didn't do this.
I--
It was the voice.
Excuse me?
There was a voice
before.
It made
my coffee dance.
It told me to--
To what?
Nothing.
Doris...
uh, take the rest
of the day off.
See your doctor.
What about my cases?
We'll, uh, put
someone else on them
and have them redo
the Summers interview.
(Buffy whistling)
I'm not crazy.
I am not crazy!
MAN: No one said
that you were.
(continues whistling)
(chatter, indistinct)
(spray can rattling,
paint spraying)
Hey, Wil.
What you doin'?
Look, Xander, I figured out this
is where Buffy disappeared,
from what you told me,
so don't start jumping
to any conclusions.
No jumping. Look,
feet firmly planted.
I'm not feeling like myself
right now. Sorry.
Me too. Sorry.
So, what have we
found out so far?
Take a look at that.
Something sped out of here
pretty damn quick
to make that kind
of tread mark.
-Those could have
been made anytime.
-Yeah, but this wasn't.
What is it?
Paint that I scraped
off the fire hydrant.
Oh. What fire hydrant?
(loud clank)
Ow!
That one.
Whatever hit this fire hydrant
hit it after it was
made invisible.
And betcha-by-golly-wow,
that something...
was the same something
that shot out of that alley.
Black paint?
Buffy's phantom van.
We need to let Buffy-- Whoa!
There's something there.
(paint spraying)
It-It's a pylon. One of those
orange traffic cones.
You should take it
to the Magic Box.
It might help you and Anya
figure out what kind
of spell was used.
-What about you?
-Well, I got paint scrapings...
and a tire mark.
I'm gonna find this van
that's been stalking Buffy.
By the way,
where is Buffy?
(woman screams on TV)
WOMAN:
Oh, my God. The blood!
Look at all the blood!
(scary movie music)
(stomach growls)
(door opens)
(TV continues, indistinct)
(footsteps)
Whatever beastie you are,
I know you're here,
and I hurt beasties.
Hey, watch it.
(TV switches off)
(sighs)
A ghost, is it?
Go and haunt the living
like a good spook.
(footsteps)
-(blow thuds)
-Wh--
Buffy?
BUFFY:
I told you--
stop trying to see me.
(grunts)
-Oh, I got it.
-Really?
Yeah. We'll put D'Hoffryn
at your parents' table
and move your Uncle Rory
to table five near the bar.
An, honey, we're looking
for invisibility spells here.
Well, obviously, I haven't
found anything yet.
At least nothing that would
explain why things near Buffy
become invisible.
Eww! Xander.
What happened?
An unpleasant
tactile experience--
like putting my hand
in pudding.
-Eww!
-Like pudding.
Am I right?
Rice or tapioca--
lumpy like that.
We have to find Buffy.
She's gotta know.
I don't think Buffy's
gonna be too broken up
over a pylon.
Anya, whatever's happening
to the pylon will probably
happen to her.
If we don't find Buffy--
I mean, if we don't
figure out how this was done--
She's pudding?
What do you mean
she's gonna fade away?
The Slayer got slammed with
a big-ass dose of radiation
when the gun overloaded.
Her cells are mutating
at an accelerated rate.
Eventually, her molecular makeup
will start losing its integrity,
and then-- pfft.
-But wouldn't that kill her?
-Let me think.
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
We're not killing anybody,
especially not Buffy.
You guys are so immature.
We're villains!
When you gonna
get that through
your thick skulls?
We're not killers.
We're crime lords.
Yeah, like--
like Lex Luthor.
He's always trying
to take over Metropolis,
but he doesn't kill Superman.
Because it's Superman's
book, you moron!
Well, Lex doesn't kill him,
does he?
Listen, Warren--
You get that ray working,
and the first thing we're
gonna do is find Buffy
and "re-visible" her
before it's too late.
You got me?
Fine.
Whatever you guys say.
Spike?
(Spike and Buffy moaning)
What are you doing?
What am I--
What does it look like
I'm doing, you nit?
I'm exercising,
aren't I?
(grunting)
(Buffy gasps)
Exercising... naked...
in bed.
A man shouldn't use immortality
as an excuse to let himself go.
You gotta keep fit
for the killing.
Yeah-huh.
Looks like you had a little
trouble upstairs--
a mini disaster area.
So what, you just come here
to criticize my housekeeping?
No. Uh, no.
I'm looking for Buffy.
Haven't seen her.
Well, you wouldn't.
Fact is, she's come down
with a slight case
of invisibility.
-Yeah? Huh.
How did, uh--
-We don't know yet.
(Buffy moans softly)
(gasps)
Anyway, she's not at the house,
and I really, really
need to find her.
Tell you what. I'll take a peek
around first chance I get,
and, if we bump
into each other,
I'll clue her that you're
on the lookout.
After your... exercises.
Yeah, right.
You know,
kidding aside, Spike,
you really should
get a girlfriend.
(sighs)
That was bloody stupid.
(door opens, closes)
BUFFY:
What's the matter?
Ashamed to be seen with me?
Come on. He had no idea
I was here.
This is perfect.
Perfect for you.
BUFFY:
Well, picture me confused.
I thought this is
what you wanted.
(scoffs)
What I want--
This vanishing act's
right liberating for you,
isn't it?
Go anywhere you want,
do anything you want.
Or anyone.
BUFFY: What are
you talking about?
The only reason you're here
is that you're not here.
Right, of course. As usual,
there's something wrong
with Buffy.
She came back all wrong.
You know, I didn't ask
for this to happen to me.
Not too put off by it,
though, are you?
BUFFY:
No. Maybe 'cause for
the first time since--
I'm free.
Free of rules
and reports.
-Free of this life.
-Free of life?
Got another name for that--
"dead."
BUFFY:
Why do you always have to--
I thought
we were having fun.
Yeah, now. But sooner or later,
your chums are gonna work out
a way to bring you back
to living color.
You need to go.
Get dressed-- if you can find
your clothes-- and push off.
'Cause if I can't have
all of you, I'd rather--
Hey, that's cheating.
(beeping)
BUFFY:
I don't believe this.
He threw me out?
He threw me.
Did I, like, fall into some
backward dimension here?
Is this Bizarro world?
And after he's always
going on and on about
being the only one
that understands me.
(imitating Spike)
We're alike, you and me.
Birds of a bloody feather.
(chattering)
BUFFY:
Oh, he's just so--
Hey, I'm walking here!
Insensitive.
It is.
Willow? Willow!
Dawn?
Hey, Dawn, come here.
You wanna see
something neat?
(sighs)
There you are!
(gasps)
Buffy?
Where are you?
BUFFY:
I'm invisible.
Check this out.
Whoooo. Whoooo.
Unidentified flying pizza
coming in for a landing.
W-What are you talking--
BUFFY: Okay, not the most
clever ad lib.
But come on--
points for spontaneity.
Stop it.
-Just... stop.
-BUFFY: Sorry, Dawn.
I'm-- I'm sorry.
I didn't mean
to freak you out.
What would you think would
happen? You're freakin'
invisible, Buffy.
I know. Xander and Anya
are working on it,
"Muldering" out what happened.
What about you? Shouldn't you
be working on it?
-Of course, I--
-Do you even care about--
about who did this to you
or-- or if you're gonna
be stuck this way?
You're making jokes
and flying pizzas.
BUFFY: I don't think that's--
I can't talk to you like this.
I can't see you.
How can I talk to you
if I can't see you?
(bump)
BUFFY:
Dawn! Dawn!
(beeps)
Buffy, it's Xander.
Where are you?
Listen, we got
a new problem here.
ANYA: Tell her.
XANDER:
I'm trying to.
Anya and I think
whatever made you invisible
is slowly killing you.
ANYA: Tell her about
the pudding.
XANDER: Anya!
Buff, if we don't--
If this isn't reversed,
you're gonna,
well, dissolve or fade...
into nothing.
(beeps)
BUFFY:
Wow.
WARREN:
Now!
Hey! Let go of me!
WARREN:
Congratulations.
You're our first hostage.
BUFFY:
Dawn, I'm going out
to find Xander!
If he calls--
(phone rings)
(ringing continues)
Xander?
JONATHAN: Don't talk.
Just listen, Slayer.
You don't have
a lot of time.
BUFFY:
Who is this?
You sound familiar.
JONATHAN (alters voice):
I'm nobody.
No one you know.
We've got your friend Willow,
and if you don't want anything
nasty to happen to her,
you better meet us...
alone.
Where?
(video games beeping)
(kids chattering)
Hey!
(chattering, grunting)
Oh!
WARREN:
Just stay still,
and you won't get hurt.
BUFFY:
You okay, Wil?
Buffy?
Where are the bad guys?
WARREN:
All around you, Slayer,
so don't try anything.
He's bluffing, Buffy.
There-- There's just
three of them, I think.
WARREN: More than enough
to cause some serious carnage,
right, guys?
Guys? Guys!
-JONATHAN:
Kick! Use the kick!
-ANDREW: I tried that.
He keeps blocking it
with his Drunken Monkey Fist.
BUFFY:
Oh. Scary video carnage.
WARREN:
Hey! Slayer's here.
ANDREW:
Sorry. Didn't see her.
WARREN: Why don't we
continue this in a less
crowded area, like over there?
-ALL: Where?
-WARREN: Over-- Follow me.
Ow! Ow.
BUFFY: I'm gonna go out
on a limb and guess you're
the ones that did this to me.
-JONATHAN:
It was an accident.
-BUFFY: Who's that?
JONATHAN: (alters voice)
Nobody you know.
They're the ones
from your mystery van.
BUFFY: Oh. You.
So what annoying thing are
you gonna do to me now?
WARREN:
Save your life--
make you visible.
BUFFY:
Right. I'm supposed
to believe that?
They told me
everything, Buffy.
-Something's happening
to you, that you're--
-BUFFY: Fading away. I know.
WARREN: I can fix that.
Pick up that air hockey
mallet on the table.
-BUFFY: What for?
-WARREN: It'll give me
a target to aim at.
Now hold still,
and all your troubles
will soon be gone.
-You're on
the wrong setting.
-WARREN: What?
The gun,
it's not set for reversing
the particle ionization.
It'll accelerate
her molecular dissolution.
I saw the plans.
(Warren slaps)
Mind your own business.
Ow.
JONATHAN:
What's she talking about?
BUFFY: That's what
I'd like to know.
Buffy, he's trying
to kill you! (grunts)
-BUFFY: Willow!
-WARREN: Ow!
-BUFFY: Okay, playtime's over.
-WARREN: You haven't
won yet, Slayer.
BUFFY:
No. That part comes after
I beat the snot out of you.
WARREN:
You'll have
to find me first.
there's three of us
against just one of you.
JONATHAN:
Hey, you lied to us.
ANDREW: Fight her yourself.
WARREN: You think
she cares about that?
I go down, we all go down.
BUFFY:
And I promise,
you're all going down.
WARREN:
We may not have
your powers, Slayer,
but you'll find
that we are not so easy to--
Ow! Get her!
(grunting)
(punches, kicks thudding)
JONATHAN:
Wait a minute.
Who's biting my leg?
ANDREW:
Sorry. Where is she?
BUFFY: Here.
(punch lands)
ANDREW:
Whoa!
(people yelling, screaming)
WARREN:
She can't find us
if we split up.
You go that way.
JONATHAN:
Which way?
WARREN:
That way. Over--
(grunts)
BUFFY:
Just keep
talking, boys.
(blows thudding)
JONATHAN: Ow! Ow, ow!
Watch the chest hair.
(ray gun powering up)
BUFFY: I know that voice.
You-You're--
Jonathan?
You have chest hair?
Warren?
-Who are you?
-Andrew.
I summoned the flying monkeys
that attacked the high school.
During the school play,
you know?
He's Tucker's brother.
He's Tucker's
brother.
-Oh.
So you three
have, what,
banded together
to be pains in my ass?
We're your
arch "nemesises-ses."
You may have beaten us
this time, Slayer,
but next time--
Um, uh, next time--
Maybe not!
(door rattling)
WARREN: What do mean
it's locked?
You were
supposed to check it.
ANDREW: I forgot.
I give you my arch
"nemesises-ses."
What's going on
in here?
-I got a bunch of scared kids
saying this place is haunted.
-(door slams)
Oh, my God. Buffy?
I know.
They're gone.
I guess we should chase them.
No. Your hair--
it i adorable.
(sighs)
It's pretty neat,
you finding the van.
So... how did you manage
to do it exactly?
I mean,
to locate it.
The hard way--
the spell-free way,
the "Oh, my God,
my head's gonna fall off,
my feet are killing me" way.
(sighs)
I don't know how
I got through this day.
Well, the important thing
is that you did.
It's a good first step.
How are you doing,
post-invisibleness?
Okay.
I still have to do
some damage control
from my giddyfest.
Dawn was pretty
freaked out.
The whole "taking
a vacation from me" thing
didn't work out too well.
Tell me about it.
Except--
When I got
Xander's message,
(acoustic guitar playing)
you know, that I was...
fading away,
I actually
got scared.
Well, yeah.
Who wouldn't?
Me.
I wouldn't.
Not too long ago,
I probably would
have welcomed it.
But I realized--
I'm not saying that
I'm doing backflips
about my life, but...
I didn't--
I don't...
wanna die.
That's something,
right?
That's something.
(woman singing indistinctly)
So I guess we both
made good first steps.
I guess.
Yay for us.
Yay.
Grr! Arrgh!